Add references to Copernik.eu Log4j components (#3534)
apache/logging-log4j2: src/site/antora/modules/ROOT/pages/manual/thread-context.adoc

----
META-INF/services/org.apache.logging.log4j.core.util.ContextDataProvider
----
. Write the fully-qualified class name of your custom implementation (e.g., `com.mycompany.CustomContextDataProvider`) to the file created in the previous step.

==== Third-party custom thread context data providers

[IMPORTANT]
====

> These context data providers are supplied by **third-party** vendors and are not maintained by the Apache Software Foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These lookups are provided by **third-party** vendors and are not maintained by the link:{logging-services-url}[Apache Logging Services] (Log4j, Log4cxx, Log4net) project.
```

Author: Fixed in link:{logging-services-url}[Apache Logging Services] (Log4j, Log4cxx, Log4net) project
